---
title: "home"
bg: white
color: black
style: center
---

### CS6101 - Exploration of Computer Science Research
{: .text-purple}

<span class="fa-stack subtlecircle" style="font-size:100px; background:rgba(255,166,0,0.1)">
  <i class="fa fa-circle fa-stack-2x text-white"></i>
  <i class="fa fa-cogs fa-stack-1x text-orange"></i>
</span>

# Deep Learning for NLP
{: .text-purple}

This course is taken almost verbatim from CS 224D Deep Learning for Natural Language Processing -- Richard Socher's course at Stanford. We are following their course's formulation and selection of papers, with the permission of Socher.

This is a section of the CS 6101 Exploration of Computer Science Research at NUS. CS 6101 is a 4 modular credit pass/fail module for new incoming graduate programme students to obtain background in an area with an instructor's support. It is designed as a "lab rotation" to familiarize students with the methods and ways of research in a particular research area.

Our section will be conducted as a group seminar, with class participants nominating themselves and presenting the materials and leading the discussion. It is not a lecture-oriented course and not as in-depth as Socher's original course at Stanford, and hence is not a replacement, but rather a class to spur local interest in Deep Learning for NLP.

This "course" is offered twice, for Session I (Weeks 3-7)and Session II (Weeks 8-13), although it is clear that the course is logically a single course that builds on the first half.  Nevertheless, the material should be introductory and should be understandable given some prior study.

[A discussion group is on Slack](http://cs6101.slack.com/). Students and guests, please login when you are free. If you have a @comp.nus.edu.sg, @u.nus.edu, @nus.edu.sg, @a-star.edu.sg, @dsi.a-star.edu.sg or @i2r.a-star.edu.sg. email address you can create your Slack account for the group discussion without needing an invite.